superbrothers 24 the idiots you get the
place mario luigi tote in peach will be
placed oh because as you all know he
gets all the bitches somebody's got big
junk in his trunk whoa what the fuck is
this this is not the Mushroom Kingdom
that we all know what are those those
are shy guys look at this boundaries no
boundaries you can go everywhere
everywhere how do you kill enemies in
this game we don't jump on them that
doesn't work and pick them up against
the Roman each other look up vegetables
on the ground you don't eat them you
Earl them you fucking girl them holy
shit potions the creed or is this an
extra dimension of mushrooms ah then
there's cherries cherries give you them
I don't remember actually the paw block
do público boom it's a heart oh it's a
one-off fucking shortcuts holy shit they
even have ninja shaped his stars in this
game no more naruto for you all those
years of being a pole dancer paid off
because now we get to climb up rides
holy shit we're in the clouds and what
else will be in the clouds not birds
bird oh yeah anyway thank you through
your eggs back in her stomach you beat
that bitch up that's what you get for
being pink we don't like pink what
happens when he hit bernal three times
during no you girl she dies it spits out
an egg of crystals and you go in to
purge mouth you complete the level
that's not make any sense no slot
machine for you toad oh look at the
crazy dude on the magic carpet hi jacket
key keys Meg faces come to life they're
evil they will chase you down until your
dad open that door get rid of him this
might be over ten minutes this game even
as bombs exploding bombs I guess what at
the end of every stage you fight another
borough isn't it boring well not until
later it gets less boring later and who
the fuck plays video games normally we
use cheats what kind of cheats use
bullshit here guess what this does this
warped you away pick up a coin now warp
warp cuz warps are for her core mode
fuckers pick towed again because
everyone else sucks now weird world
forward still not in the Mushroom
Kingdom for the fuck are we this is a
nice world I just spit all over the
keyboard even marshmallows what could be
down here only
spaceship oh my god sudden dramatic
music chain I don't even know what those
are all the look know Berto at the end
of the stage hmm holy shit lottery you
lose oh boy are you gonna love world for
/ to you gotta keep constantly moving
and talking and dodging and ducking and
dodging there's a lot of us it may don't
say you don't look at her like Al duck
dodge Ron Ron keep going you're gonna
die don't stop the rock can't stop it no
yeah oh shit broad there's even whales
in this game look at those sly little
whales three of them wearing eyeliner
whenever we get 5 cherries look at that
down there that's a star you know what
this means it means super happy awesome
music Don Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
Dada Dada oh god no doctor we need
better music music go
porcupines what the fuck holy crap a red
bird or what does it do well besides of
just eggs and also shoot fireballs any
time now oh my god fur balls hmm you see
this borough we all got a fighter we got
a rider egg duh and in every third stage
of every world you go to a castle where
there's a boss at the end it's not
Bertil hmm shy guy riding time I bet he
enjoys it and how the hell is a shy guy
walk on spikes anyways why is he so shy
noburo now only super secret fire bosses
that is not how you do it you think he's
dead but no he splits up into little
baby fireball huh doctor whoa Plan C
cube fireball even shy guys ready
hostages bumps we even get to ride fish
yes oh no what's that a green berto and
all it does is shoot fire you're screwed
mmm buddy you prevail all hail to the
altar crystal hmm what's this do know
what do we do were falling avoid spikes
toad the pop your ass oh no now we know
he plays the toes because he gets all
the bitches but luigi is needed for one
stage just one for reasons Luigi jump so
high that he'll let us cheat mmm more
warps to final world we're on the clouds
again we get the right birds the final
rocket ship you'll see for the rest of
your life we're gonna die hmm let me
feel good inside I gotta build a bridge
why does my voice sound different the
daughter with the daughter doesn't the
done at the dead it doesn't determine
depended edit done it uh I'm off to no
no then he comes back Fleming / to the
final level
ah don't do that combo breaker take a
good look because that's where the last
mushroom you'll ever see moving
platforms for the loss holy crap a bra
but we all got a fighter rod rod this is
the last Bertil you'll ever see your
why'd you do that she doesn't hold it a
crystal but she holds a king you think
all's well you remember that ankle gate
it's gonna kill you rod I think I was
the final boss you're wrong because
there's wart turner turner lynyrd he's a
big fast frog to beat him you must choke
him to death with vegetable it's our
core ah mmm eat that choke on it bitch
and guess what he died don't touch him
though he could still kill you you
choked to death match and we meet the
game we get the credit the credit suck
free those beetles ah they're happy
contributor towed because he gets all
the bitches Oh Luigi got shit he just
got a war no one cares about you peaches
a skank you wanna know the best part
about this game though it was all a
fucking dream that's not cool that is
not our core Mario you should die you
better wake up you see me I'll kill you
don't you that look at me then we get
the cast of characters and enemies but
no one cares and why the fuck did they
call Berto aastra why are they get that
mixed up that's super mario brothers to
the end and a nutshell it's
super-dee-duper well kind of hardcore
mmm